Heather with the fail groups now I use a
discount card for 10% discount but he
has control of stream and the best of
all customizable bullshit fail bit
improving your grip
[Music]
you ain't got no yeah what is up guys
tires here and walk about to a brand new
video on my channel before we start this
video make sure to drop a like the
charge sheet with ten lights in this
video to make sure to smack down light
for it and make sure to subscribe if you
haven't already out hates missed out any
of our brand new content I'm great
really supportive describe it so make
sure to do is describe is how it helped
me out a lot and if you did subscribe
make sure to tell me in the comment
section and I'll give you a big facts
about three as you can tell I saw the
video I did get supported by fail it is
my first have or sponsorship so I'm kind
of cast power
I've got sponsored by them a few days
ago I'll go in my email on so now are
basically a part of my issue channel and
I'll be working with them and trying to
get higher runs right now I'm on bronze
and goes off in silver and gold while on
bro bronze right now and the more I
supposed to respond to them the more
higher I'll get so it is videos for I
will show you guys how you can't get
promoted by fail grips like I did I've
not anyone can get promoted that by then
but most people do on and if you are you
are interested again sponsored make sure
to just our head is head over to
description click on the link it should
take you to on this website so this
website is basically the sponsorship
website on here's the forum and all that
their logos there and other very top
here it shows the photo great sponsor
sponsorship application make sure to
read all of this on it's really
important information make sure to not
skip that and read all of it off so
let's just start this application so
right over here or if you want to pay
your name obviously your full name
you're on your whole name surname add on
your name your email make sure your
email is the state by the way because
you will be eatin a real email for this
in case they do email you for important
information stuff the organization's may
basically fit your YouTube channel for
that - tourists don't know what you guys
YouTube channel is both special to treat
each other therefore organization name
if we don't have a website then don't
put anything for our marketing website
page views - perhaps V's usually get our
monthly the friends on bar your country
or for your social networks on discreet
your YouTube channel on link in there
and soap on TVs you want to put how many
please you usually get monthly what
makes you a good candidate for
sponsorship you can say I work really
good with our people you can say that of
our sponsor your favorites and our seven
all social media and YouTube are as you
can just say that are aren't really
trustworthy and stuff like that but you
are your parents portals are so that you
could just put the watch or maybe you do
not specify anyone I'll just read
another one and how can you prepare it
fail great so for that you just put all
I'll say your arm grip on YouTube all
social media also everyone about it and
our leads are links to website in spot
video so people can check now and I'll
leave a component on social media page
as well and then for the last one what
type of sponsorship are you looking for
on be cancer on promo credit for that my
promoter is basically of you is your
name I can get 10% discount stuff on so
that's basically a permaculture you want
a present for me or the ship
it should come up with a page saying
that your application has been recorded
and
and you should get an email in the next
48 hours or less 48 hours a few days
where you can get lessons
I got email in last 48 hours I've got
mine in a few hours on my be patient if
they do not email you in the next few
days it means that they have rejected
your application and you can just try it
again
what I say is quite easy to get posted
on my opinion even fun ones with 50 60
subscribers or a subscribe could get
responses but you just have to create
the right faces here and you should get
supposed to so I hope you guys did enjoy
the video I'm going to be having a
couple ocular doctors another video
that's going to be one last story
Tuesday so make sure to stay tuned for
that
- try smash ten like this video and just
make sure you subscribe to me because
I'm really getting close to that 400
mark I want to hit 400 alchemy be a
special video for that to make sure to
do are subscribe if you're new so I hope
this video did healthy Cyrus
[Music]